welcome everyone today we are going to
Venetian and style close to
classical, that is, we will make masks
and take get such a recession present
mode to prepare for plaster
required and perfect defense of the fuel on
truth then painted with paint in
In this case, of course, let's say because
the rink as killed the walls and no we did not spend
also not mine but it was done under the knives as
consultation unfortunately we have after
long days of work was just such
detailed wall with mod different such
by moments
let's say the most important moments we
of course stuffed roughly
megane ching plaster
here but nevertheless nevertheless none
less unfortunately that has and
what do we hope to do
following our say let's put the people
we will be in dressura and the first first layer
will apply
let's say so leaving the first small
spaces for the subsequent drawing
pattern used for this
this year the venetian to spirit perfectly
firms and gave
which can be used as a hunter
its not quite at all is
personal reasons and after our
first layer is fully applied next
layer two do it about
also while closing our whites
gaps in the animal Sasha masked paw
laybu lay down on plus
so after complete drying our 2 2
its we put the third final layer
in the same light as the first second layer
but let's say so small
after we say so our third
the layer is completely dry my nonsense gives
gloss
final i will say so you definition
the woods of the world
attach with a spatula with
voting here so convenient and let's say
so here it is on acquires already
completely finished glitters and
overflows
with you was Sergey before new meetings
not